well howdy there Internet a big lizbo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about wordplay we're gonna talk about
semantics because there are a lot of
people that are getting really upset
over certain terms being used we need to
figure out if that term is appropriate
because saying that our current
detention facilities mirror detention
facilities historically well that's
become an insult to the American pride
because there's no way that it can
happen here all right so we're going to
talk about it are they concentration
camps first we're going to go over the
conditions inside of them now the things
that I'm gonna list all you have to do
is take the term that I say and add ice
to it and you will find a source if you
go through your favorite search engine
sleep deprivation temperature extremes
solitary without calls these are all
forms of torture by the way nooses in
cells sex abuse complaints numbering in
the thousands they're trying to destroy
those records by the way an unknown
number of deaths the conditions
themselves the more basic conditions
contaminated food rotten meat the lawyer
for the government was just arguing that
they don't really have an obligation to
provide them with sleep or beds or
toothbrushes toothpaste soap
they'll need to provide them with that
those are pretty horrible conditions
those are pretty horrible conditions one
of the experts say are they
concentration camps George Takei who was
in a concentration camp as a guest he
says their concentration camps
Dondre Pitzer who literally wrote the
book on concentration camps
one of the most foremost experts on the
subject says their concentration camps
says that they fit nicely into the
definition and wants people to know the
same thing is happening here and now in
reference these detention facilities and
the German was Mike Godwin of Godwin's
law the guy who created an adage because
he didn't like false comparisons to the
Holocaust he says their concentration
camps
now the argument is but we're not
killing anybody well that's fine we're
not calling them death camps the
concentration camp network was built
first the death camps were added later
yes they are concentration camps but I
do agree we need to find some way to
differentiate between the German ones
and our own I think that's important
so rather than simply calling them
concentration camps we need to call them
Trump concentration camps or the Trump
network of concentration camps in 20
years when those plaques go up like
those that are at the former Japanese
internment camps that's what they need
to say he wanted a monument to himself
he wanted a legacy that's when he wanted
that stupid wall he can have his name on
these they're more fitting of his legacy
but I will defend ice on one thing I do
understand why they're not quick to
provide soap to the detainees I get that
that makes sense you've got a limited
supply and I am certain that the
employees are taking it home with them
because I would imagine after working
here you feel pretty dirty at the end of
the day and if you don't yeah when it
goes to the next step if it doesn't stop
you'll put them on boxcars you'll follow
orders and the whole time you'll say
it's different because it can't happen
here
hey but I guess if they don't have soap
it'll be easier and they'll be more
eager you can trick them it tell them
they're going to take a shower right
it's America anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night